---
layout: page
title: Imprint
excerpt: ""
search_omit: true
image:
  feature: imprint.jpg
  credit: Startup Stock Photos
  creditlink: https://stocksnap.io/photo/1CSCANQ03B
---

#Legal Disclosure

##Information in accordance with section 5 TMG
Sascha Schlegel  
Sophie-Scholl-Str. 22  
41540 Dormagen  

##Contact
Fon: 02133-5363648  
Fax: 02133-217335  
E-Mail: master( a t )sam6.de
Internetaddress: <https://www.sam6.de>  

##Person responsible for content in accordance with 55 Abs. 2 RStV
Sascha Schlegel   
Sophie-Scholl-Str. 22  
41540 Dormagen  

##Disclaimer  
###Accountability for content  
The contents of our pages have been created with the utmost care. However, we cannot guarantee the contents' accuracy, completeness or topicality. According to statutory provisions, we are furthermore responsible for our own content on these web pages. In this context, please note that we are accordingly not obliged to monitor merely the transmitted or saved information of third parties, or investigate circumstances pointing to illegal activity. Our obligations to remove or block the use of information under generally applicable laws remain unaffected by this as per &sect;&sect; 8 to 10 of the Telemedia Act (TMG).  

###Accountability for links  
Responsibility for the content of external links (to web pages of third parties) lies solely with the operators of the linked pages. No violations were evident to us at the time of linking. Should any legal infringement become known to us, we will remove the respective link immediately.

###Copyright  
Our web pages and their contents are subject to German copyright law. Unless expressly permitted by law (&sect; 44a et seq. of the copyright law), every form of utilizing, reproducing or processing works subject to copyright protection on our web pages requires the prior consent of the respective owner of the rights. Individual reproductions of a work are allowed only for private use, so must not serve either directly or indirectly for earnings. Unauthorized utilization of copyrighted works is punishable (&sect; 106 of the copyright law).

#Privacy Statement  
##General  
Your personal data (e.g. title, name, house address, e-mail address, phone number, bank details, credit card number) are processed by us only in accordance with the provisions of German data privacy laws. The following provisions describe the type, scope and purpose of collecting, processing and utilizing personal data. This data privacy policy applies only to our web pages. If links on our pages route you to other pages, please inquire there about how your data are handled in such cases.  

##Inventory data  
(1) Your personal data, insofar as these are necessary for this contractual relationship (inventory data) in terms of its establishment, organization of content and modifications, are used exclusively for fulfilling the contract. For goods to be delivered, for instance, your name and address must be relayed to the supplier of the goods.  
(2) Without your explicit consent or a legal basis, your personal data are not passed on to third parties outside the scope of fulfilling this contract. After completion of the contract, your data are blocked against further use. After expiry of deadlines as per tax-related and commercial regulations, these data are deleted unless you have expressly consented to their further use.  

##Web analysis with Google Analytics  
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. (Google). Google Analytics uses cookies, i.e. text files stored on your computer to enable analysis of website usage by you. Information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the United States and stored there. In case of activated IP anonymization on this website, however, your IP address is previously truncated by Google within member states of the European Union or in other states which are party to the agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases is a full IP address transmitted to a Google server in the United States and truncated there. On behalf this website's owner, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compile reports about website activities, and provide the website's operator with further services related to website and Internet usage. The IP address sent from your browser as part of Google Analytics is not merged with other data by Google. You can prevent storage of cookies by appropriately setting your browser software; in this case, however, please note that you might not be able to fully use all functions offered by this website. In addition, you can prevent data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) from being collected and processed by Google, by downloading and installing a browser plug-in from the following link: <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>  

##Information about cookies  
(1) To optimize our web presence, we use cookies. These are small text files stored in your computer's main memory. These cookies are deleted after you close the browser. Other cookies remain on your computer (long-term cookies) and permit its recognition on your next visit. This allows us to improve your access to our site.  
(2) You can prevent storage of cookies by choosing a &quot;disable cookies&quot; option in your browser settings. But this can limit the functionality of our Internet offers as a result.  

##Disclosure  
According to the Federal Data Protection Act, you have a right to free-of-charge information about your stored data, and possibly entitlement to correction, blocking or deletion of such data. Inquiries can be directed to the following e-mail addresses: master( a t )sam6.de

###Quelle:
<http://www.twigg.de/>
